doc: update on front-facing README / CONTRIBUTION guide. (#331)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: README.md

```sh
cargo run --example cli
```

This should print the help of the example with all commands and options.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

#### Components
- [x] Engine
- [x] Client (with dual interfaces)
- [x] peer-to-peer communications
- [x] Secure runtime zone 
- [x] Integration with crypto.rs 
- [x] Integration with Firefly
- [x] Integration with Identity
 
### Documentation and Specification
- [x] User Handbooks
- [ ] Specification Documentation
- [ ] Tutorials

### Performance and Testing
- [x] Unit Tests
- [x] Lowlevel Library Fuzzing
- [x] Multiplatform benchmarks
- [x] Continuous Fuzzing
- [ ] Realworld tests

#### Applications
- [x] CLI binary
- [x] Dynamic high-performance store 
- [ ] C FFI bindings
- [ ] [Napi Bindings](https://napi.rs/)

### Hardware Integrations
- [ ] Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL) API

See the [open issues](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Security Audit(s)

> Stronghold has been audited for security vulnerabilities. This process is intended to be regular as soon as new security relevant features will be shipped with a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stronghold has been audited for security vulnerabilities. This process is meant to be continuously regulated as soon as new security relevant features are shipped with a new version.
```

[![Discord][discord-shield]][discord-url]
[![StackExchange][stackexchange-shield]][stackexchange-url]
<!-- Add additional Badges. Some examples >
![Format Badge](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Format/badge.svg "Format Badge")
![Audit Badge](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Audit/badge.svg "Audit Badge")
![Clippy Badge](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Clippy/badge.svg "Clippy Badge")
![BuildBadge](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Build/badge.svg "Build Badge")
![Test Badge](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/workflows/Test/badge.svg "Test Badge")
![Coverage Badge](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/badge.svg "Coverage Badge")

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs">
        <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/dev/.meta/stronghold_beta.png" alt="Banner">
    </a>
    <h3 align="center">Stronghold</h3>
    <p align="center">
        A Rust library to build a secure software storage for sensitive data.
        <br />

>         <a href="https://wiki.iota.org"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <a href="https://wiki.iota.org/stronghold.rs/welcome"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
```
This could lead to the Stronghold docs directly.

        <a href="https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/labels/bug">Report Bug</a>
        ·
        <a href="https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/labels/request">Request Feature</a>
    </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<!-- TODO 
Edit the ToC to your needs. If your project is part of the wiki, you should link directly to the Wiki where possible and remove unneeded sections to prevent duplicates 
-->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#building">Building</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    <li><a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgments</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

> <span style="font-weight: 666;">IOTA Stronghold</span> is a secure software implementation with the sole purpose of isolating digital secrets from exposure to hackers and accidenta leaks. It uses encrypted snapshots that can be easily backed up and securely shared between devices. Written in stable rust, it has strong guarantees of memory safety and process integrity. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span style="font-weight: 666;">IOTA Stronghold</span> is a secure software implementation with the sole purpose of isolating digital secrets from exposure to hackers and accidental leaks. It uses encrypted snapshots that can be easily backed up and securely shared between devices. It is written in stable rust and has strong guarantees of memory safety and process integrity. 
```

> 1. Here's a blank template to get started: To avoid retyping too much info. Do a search and replace with your text editor for the following: `iotaledger`, `template`, `twitter_handle`, `email_client`, `email`, `project_title`, `project_description`, `TODO`.
> 2. Edit the README to suit your needs by in it following the instructions here.
> 3. Replace the `banner.png` with your own banner or remove it.
> 4. Edit the issue and pull request templates if required. Keep in mind that the issue forms in this template add a `bug`/`request` label to the issues. Make sure they exist.

Reviewer 2: This template data could be deleted.
```suggestion
```

<!-- TODO
This section should list any major frameworks/libraries used to bootstrap your project. Leave any add-ons/plugins for the acknowledgements section. Here are a few examples:
-->
### Built With

* [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

<!-- epic prose here -->

### Prerequisites

To build Stronghold, you need a recent version of [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org) installed.

### Building

> The library comes with [examples](client/examples) but has no executables on its own.  You can use the following instructions to build the library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library comes with [examples](client/examples) but has no executables on its own. You can use the following instructions to build the library:
```

### Building

> The library comes with examples, but has no executables on its own. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The library comes with [examples](client/examples) but has no executables on its own.  You can use the following instructions to build the library:
```

> 1. Clone the repo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone the repo:
```

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs.git
   ```

> 2. Build the library

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Build the library:
```

   ```sh
   cargo build --release
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

> An easy way to get acquainted with Stronghold is by checking out the [examples section](clinet/examples).
> Examples can be run from the command line interface. Stronghold comes with a simle CLI example, that
> showcases all features in brief. To run the example change into the [client](client) directory, and run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can get acquainted with Stronghold by checking out the [examples section](client/examples).
You can run the examples from the command line interface. Stronghold comes with a simple CLI example that
briefly showcases all its features. To run the example, change into the [client](client) directory, and run the following command:
```

```sh
cargo run --example cli
```

> This should print the help of the example with all commands and options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example should print its `help` with all the available commands and options.
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

#### Components
- [x] Engine
- [x] Client (with dual interfaces)
- [x] peer-to-peer communications
- [x] Secure runtime zone 
- [x] Integration with crypto.rs 
- [x] Integration with Firefly
- [x] Integration with Identity
 
### Documentation and Specification
- [x] User Handbooks
- [ ] Specification Documentation
- [ ] Tutorials

### Performance and Testing
- [x] Unit Tests
- [x] Lowlevel Library Fuzzing
- [x] Multiplatform benchmarks
- [x] Continuous Fuzzing
- [ ] Realworld tests

#### Applications
- [x] CLI binary
- [x] Dynamic high-performance store 
- [ ] C FFI bindings
- [ ] [Napi Bindings](https://napi.rs/)

### Hardware Integrations
- [ ] Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL) API

> See the [open issues](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [open issues](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/issues) for a complete list of proposed features (and known issues).
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

> Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contributions make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.
```

> If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have a suggestion to improve this, please fork the repo and [create a pull request](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/compare). You can also [open an issue](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs/issues/new/choose) with the tag "enhancement".
```

Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

> 1. Fork the Project
> 2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
> 3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -S -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
> 4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
> 5. Open a Pull Request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Fork the Project.
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -S -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5. Open a Pull Request.
```

> Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the Apache License. See [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs](https://github.com/iotaledger/stronghold.rs)

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

> <!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
> ## Acknowledgments
> 
> * []()
> * []()
> * []()

Reviewer 2: If there are no acknowledgments we could delete this section.
```suggestion
```
